Add device tensor documentation for GPU execution providers (#20837)
microsoft/onnxruntime: docs/performance/tune-performance/iobinding.md

    io_binding.BindOutput("output1", output_mem_info);
    session.Run(run_options, io_binding);
    ```

   Notice that in the above code sample the output tensor is not allocated before binding it, rather an `Ort::MemoryInfo` is bound as output.
This is an effective way to let the session allocate the tensor depending on the needed shapes.

> Especially for date dependent shapes or dynamic shapes this can be a great solution to get the right allocation.

Reviewer: `data dependent`

>    Notice that in the above code sample the output tensor is not allocated before binding it, rather an `Ort::MemoryInfo` is bound as output.
> This is an effective way to let the session allocate the tensor depending on the needed shapes.
> Especially for date dependent shapes or dynamic shapes this can be a great solution to get the right allocation.
> However in case the output shape is known and the output tensor should be reused it is beneficial to bind an `Ort::Value` to the output as well. This can be allocated using the session allocator or external memory. Please refer to the [device tensor docs](../device-tensor.md) for more details:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Notice that in the above code sample, the output tensor is not allocated before binding it; instead, an `Ort::MemoryInfo` is bound as output.
This is an effective way to allow the session to allocate the tensor depending on the required shapes. Especially for data-dependent shapes or dynamic shapes, this can be a great solution to ensure the right allocation.
However, if the output shape is known and the output tensor should be reused, it is beneficial to bind an `Ort::Value` to the output as well. This can be allocated using the session allocator or external memory. Please refer to the [device tensor docs](../device-tensor.md) for more details:
```
